Some say they’ve seen strangers of varying heights and aura magnitudes 
speaking into the telephone in a hushed tone, in words that might have been 
Russian, staring at the horizon with cold determination. And as the strangers 
all departed quickly, all in separate pedicabs, witnesses reported a detached 
human hand crawling up the inside of the booth.

Was this lone visitor to the phone booth the young Megan Wallaby? Megan was 
born as a detached hand of an adult man, so it seems like this was probably she 
who slowly, but desperately, picked up the telephone as the sun began to set. 
We may never know for certain, but at least we know the telephone you’ll 
never bother to use is working again.
%
The telephone service dispatched a crew of men who would not be missed. They 
wore wooden suits, climbed up the nearby pole, and clattered around like so 
many bamboo wind chimes filled with hamburger. After several hours, they 
climbed down, furtively smoking cigarettes, and departed in their unmarked 
black van, removing the “Out of Order” sign from the booth shortly before 
leaving.
%
Good news, listeners! The telephone service has finally fixed the telephone 
booth behind the Taco Bell! The telephone that was always ringing and never had 
a dial tone? You know the one. When you picked it up it clicked, and hissed, 
and sometimes played notes that seemed to come from a music box. You did not 
recognize the tune, but, it was familiar, as if from another time and place.

Since no one uses telephone booths anymore, I’m not entirely sure why they 
did this, but the telephone booth is working!
%
LeFleur then became transfixed by the midday sun. “There it is again!” she 
whispered to a confused crowd. “It’s beautiful! So beautiful! Why do you 
think it keeps circling back like that?”
%
In response to our town’s steadily-declining tourism industry, the Night Vale 
Tourism Board addressed our town’s complete lack of appealing destinations 
– like uncensored art museums, hotels with door locks, and snake-free 
restaurants. NVTB Executive Director Madeline LeFleur said some travelers think 
they need to “see things, like monuments, or the majesty of nature, or 
spectacular musicals, or eat regional/cultural foods in order to have a good 
time on vacation. But they don’t!”

“You don’t need attractions to have a good time!” she added. “Just use 
your imagination! In fact, come to Night Vale, where ‘we will show you fun in 
a handful of dust,’ as the new NVTB slogan says!”
%
The riddle says, “He walks on four legs in the morning. He walks on two legs 
at midday. And at night, he slithers from dream to dream effortlessly, like the 
air we breathe. And we love him.”
%
Your Bitcoin address is your middle name, followed by the name of your first 
pet, and the first street you lived on.
%
A memo from the owner of the Ace Hardware on Fifth and Shay Street: They will 
no longer tolerate baristas lining up for day jobs in their parking lot. Every 
morning at dawn, dozens of baristas with newsboy caps, waxed mustaches, and 
knit ties tucked into buttoned sweater-vests continue to crowd the parking lot, 
foreheads beaded with desperation, and hoping to be picked up to operate 
unlicensed espresso machines. This is scaring away the legitimate Ace hardware 
customers, and the baristas will be required to return to their caves just on 
the outskirts of town, near the sand wastes, in the Barista District.
%
Cars honk and swerve, there are a few accidents, a man gets out of his car and 
looks at his bumper, fists on his hips, his mouth half opened, saying, “Well 
what is this now? Well what is this now?”

The woman does not seem to hear him – or anything else. She is skimming 
slowly out of town, her hand raises, it waves goodbye, her shoulders bounce 
slightly with the imperfections of the road. She turns to look back, and we all 
see her face and we..

THE WOMAN FROM ITALY,

OH MERCIFUL GODDESS!

HER VICTIMS ARE LEGION,

BUT THIS EVENING THEY’RE NOT US.

WE GRAB GRATEFUL BREATHS,

FROM THE NIGHT-SHADED AIR.

BATED BREATHS, FEARFUL BREATHS,

BUT BREATHE DEEP – NOTHING THERE.

THE WOMAN FROM ITALY IS GONE,

BUT THEN, NOT FOR ALWAYS.

SHE WAITS BEHIND DOORS,

AND AT THE END OF DARK HALLWAYS.

SHE FOLLOWS NO LOGIC,

EXISTS SOLELY FOR SPITE.

BUT YOU ARE SAFE FOR NOW, DEAR LISTENER,

SO GOODNIGHT, NIGHT VALE.

GOODNIGHT.
%
Any information is impressive in such an opaque world.
%
That new woman! The one I have been, for some reason, reporting on, she is 
leaving town. She has bought a Razor Scooter from the pawn shop, and is using 
it to skim her way down the shoulder of Route 800. Destination, and origin, 
both unknown. But we know where she is now. Good for us!
%
Usually, after the weather, I am here to tell you about how we have been saved 
from some world-ending danger – that, for whatever reason, has failed again 
to end our world.

But today, I have no such report, because there is no such danger. Or, there is 
an infinitude of such dangers. Rocks hurdling unseen from space, gamma ray 
bursts created by chance and utterly destroying by chance, disease, war, 
hunger, or the slow dissipation of it all – not by the sudden, but by the 
gradual always.

But now is not the time for such light-hearted childish thoughts.
%
In a story that will interest no one, the new woman is sitting on a bench in 
Mission Grove Park, reading an old paperback copy of a book apparently called 
Bridge of Birds. Her hair flutters a bit in the breeze. She turns a page in the 
book, she crosses her legs as she leans back and relaxes into the story she is 
reading. She…

THE WOMAN FROM ITALY,

OH END OF ALL THINGS.

SHE HAS SEEN THE FALL OF BABYLON,

SHE HAS DRUNK THE BLOOD OF KINGS.

HER ROBES ARE SHADOW,

HER EYES ARE DUSK.

HER VOICE IS AMBER,

AND CHALK DUST AND RUST.

THE WOMAN FROM ITALY,

HAS HONED IN ON YOUR SCENT.

SHE SEEKS OUT YOUR REFUGE.

OH YES! SHE KNOWS WHERE YOU WENT!

IT’S YOUR SKIN THAT SHE WANTS,

BOUND AND BROWNED INTO LEATHER.

BUT FIRST, PREDECEASE,

I GIVE YOU THE WEATHER.
%
In economic news, the White Sand Ice Cream Shop has gone out of business, and 
will never open again.

The owners, Lucy and Hannah Gutierrez, have gone bankrupt and, as is usual for 
bankruptcy cases, have had their lives confiscated by the nearest friendly 
large business – which, in this case, was StrexCorp.

“We were only too happy to help,” StrexCorp carved into a large slab, 
uncovered this morning out in the Sand Wastes, and dated to several thousand 
years ago by reputable scientists and experts.

The carving continued; “Lucy and Hannah are valuable members of this 
community, and now their value has been added to our value. We are even more 
valuable now. Everyone wins! Even if it seems like some of the everyones are 
gone, or absorbed, or dead. This is just part of the natural process of 
winning.”

Archaeologists were baffled when presented with the content of the carving and 
evidence of its age, saying that just moments ago they were working in a museum 
in Los Angeles, and they have no idea where they are or how they were so 
suddenly brought here.

“Let us go home,” they said to the person presenting the carving. 
“Please! Let us go home!”
%
Filler text to be replaced with actual material. Replace with copy before 
sending to radio station.

Talking points go here.

Something about coffee. Something about the bright start of a hypothetical day. 
Something about secret boxes locked in secret soundproof rooms.

Maybe make it a song. Look into that.

Then, slogan goes here.

Starbucks.

Copy and paste slogan again here.

Also, just reminding the future me that comes back to rewrite this that I need 
to grab some milk. I think the one in the office fridge is starting to turn.

As long as I’m reminding myself things, I’m a good person, worthy of love 
– both from myself and others. And writing press releases and ads like this 
is just the start of a great writing career.

You have a novel in you, kid! You have a novel in you!
%
Think of a number. Any number. That number is how many thousands of years old a 
certain rock is. That number is how many times someone has cried in their life. 
That number is the lucky number of an unlucky man who is yet to realize he is 
unlucky.

Think of a number. No, think of…numbers.

Picture all of these abstract representations of human thought, all of them 
forming an imagined pattern, as all patterns are imagined, and picture how 
those abstractions describe, in specific ways, real moments that exist.

Picture numbers.

There is a woman who lives at 531 Beachwood Street. Her phone number starts 
with a 3 and ends with a 5. She smiled 18 times yesterday. She is currently 
thinking of 3 things she needs to do. There are actually 4 things she needs to 
do. She has forgotten 1 of them.

She touches the doorknob 2 times before committing to its turn. She has 2 eyes. 
She has 2 hands. She has 2 more chances to make her life what she thinks it 
should be.

But she doesn’t know it yet.

Think of a number.

Yes! That’s the one! That’s the one that describes an infinity of disparate 
truths about our disparate universe.

Also, the roads are looking clear.
%
I’m not even sure why I bring this up, but the new woman is wandering down 
Main Street, checking out the various knick-knack stores and antique shops and 
chanting dens and food wallows that have been springing up with all this new 
money flooded into Night Vale from one single, uncomfortably efficient source.

She is window shopping, but hasn’t found one she likes yet. Bay windows, 
stained glass, a car window taken from a 1983 Honda Odyssey, she bought none of 
them! She gnaws softly on the side of her thumb, she…

THE WOMAN FROM ITALY,

IS WITH US THIS EVENING.

WE HIDE AND WE SHUDDER,

BUT THERE IS NO DECEIVING.

SHE EXHALES MUST AND STEAM,

SHE POISONS THE AIR.

SAY YOU HAVE A FAMILY, SAY IT,

SHE DOESN’T CARE.

THE WOMAN FROM ITALY,

DELIGHTS IN YOUR PAIN.

SHE ASKS JUST ONE FAVOR,

BUT ASKS AGAIN AND AGAIN.

“DO YOU THINK YOU COULD,

NO RUSH, JUST A MOMENT,

GIVE IN SCREAMING TO,

ETERNALLY BURNING TORMENT?”

…sang an impromptu song to the delight of everyone who heard her.

No one heard her.
